+++
Categories = ["Development", "Golang"]
Description = ""
Tags = ["SynapseGarden", "Neophytes", "Primary"]
date = "2015-12-07T10:00:00-05:00"
menu = "blog"
title = "Welcome"

+++

Hello, and welcome to SynapseGarden: a new network for collaborative creation,
both online and in the flesh.  Here, you’ll find our thoughts and plans,
updated early each Monday.

<!--more-->

## What?

SynapseGarden is a fully free and open platform for a new human ecosystem,
using technologies devised to empower the construction of communities.  The
first such community, to which we now invite you, revolves around code;
building upon that foundation, we will push to enable real-world projects and
localized human networks.

SynapseGarden will always work tirelessly to be, and to remain, the prime
example of such a community.  Ultimately, however, our true hope is that this
technology will enable many, many, many such communities, wherever people need
or wish to organize and collaborate.  Our purpose is to act as leaders among a
brilliant and powerful metacommunity.

This is our first public statement of purpose.  Now, we’d like to invite you
to join in.  There’s a great deal to be done, but many hands make light work.
The reward for this labor is simple but powerful: leadership in a community of
leaders, and access to labor according to your contribution.

## Why?

Crowd labor isn’t, and shouldn’t be free unless it’s donated.  All labor is
valuable.  Your mind is valuable.  Your ideas are valuable.  We won’t ask or
expect you to give these things away.

At our foundation is a repeatable, efficient, and scientific process we’ve
designed around the needs of such communities: Mindfork.  Mindfork is a
simple, self-repeating collaboration pattern, which applies principles of
computing to organic, human work.  We’re building the seed of this technology
using Google’s Go language, and we’d love to have you along, whether you’re an
expert or a beginner.

Mindfork is free software (under Affero GPL), which means its licensing
preserves your rights to use and modify it as you wish.  Anyone can download
its source code and use it for themselves as they please, as long as their
modifications do not interfere with these rights.  We’d like to give this
software to everyone, because when more people join in a free ecosystem, we
can all share in more data.  We can all learn more about how people interact
in communities, and we can all use that knowledge to build better communities,
together.

## See you around.

We hope you’ve enjoyed learning about what we’re doing, and what is yet to
come.  We’ll soon have more content up at http://synapsegarden.net; until
then, you can visit our Github at https://github.com/synapse-garden to see
some of the projects we’ve been working on.

### Have a great week!
